# Reproduction of Figure 4 in *Suckale et al.* (2014) at UpB Camp, Whillans Ice Stream
Among other things, the study by *Suckale et al.* (2014) compared the effect of ice rheoloogy and heat generation in the shear margin on surface velocity. Specifically, they compare Newtonian, temperature-independent non-Newtonian, and temperature-dependent non-Newtonian rheologies against observed surface velocity data. Here, we reproduce these results with our generalized code. In this case, we assume a margin location a priori and do not use the developed margin tracking algorithm.

### Contents
*figure4_1/* : Model set-up and results for Figure 4(1) in *Suckale et al.* (2014). This case considers a Newtwonian ice rheology.

*figure4_2/* : Model set-up and results for Figure 4(2) in *Suckale et al.* (2014). This case considers a temperature-independent non-Newtonian ice rheology.

*figure4_3/* : Model set-up and results for Figure 4(3) in *Suckale et al.* (2014). This case considers a temperature-dependent ice rheology.

*plotSuckale2014.m*: A function to plot all three ice rheologies against surface velocity data. This reproduces the entire Figure 4 in *Suckale et al.* (2014) and *suckaleFigure4.tif*.

*suckaleFigure4.tif*: Figure comparing varying ice rheology to surface velocity data. This figure is generated by *plotSuckale2014.m*. 

*upBSurfVel.mat*: Surface velocity data at upB Camp, Whillans Ice Stream from *Echelmeyer and Harrison* (1999).

### References
Echelmeyer K and W Harrison (1999) Ongoing margin migration of Ice Stream B, Antarctica. Journal of Glaciology 45(150):361–369.

Elsworth C W and J Suckale (2016) Rapid ice flow rearrangement induced by subglacial drainage in West Antarctica. Geophysical Research Letters 43.

Suckale J, J D Platt, T Perol, and J R Rice (2014) Deformation-induced melting in the margins of the West Antarctic ice streams. Journal of Geophysical Research: Earth Surface 119(5):1004–1025.
