# Verification of the code developed in *Elsworth and Suckale* (2016) against the analytical solution of *Schoof* (2004)
We compare our numerical solution of the margin tracking algorithm to the analytical solution developed by *Schoof* (2004). The analytical solution assumes a Newtonian ice rheology and solves for the margin location consistent with the force balance. Figures 3(a1), 3(a2) and 3(a3) in *Schoof* (2004) show the assumed basal strength profiles, determined shear margin location and basal stress. The algorithm developed in *Elsworth and Suckale* (2016) recovers the same margin position and basal strength profile as the analytical solution and is therefore verified for a Newtonian rheology. The inclusion of a non-Newtonian rheology does not change the solution technique, which suggests that it remains verified for a non-Newtonian constitutive law.

### Contents
*data/* : Digitized analytical solution profiles from Figures 3(a1), 3(a2) and 3(a3) in *Schoof* (2004).

*figure3_1/* : Simulation set-up and results for the basal strength profile in Figure 3(a1) of *Schoof* (2004).

*figure3_2/* : Simulation set-up and results for the basal strength profile in Figure 3(a2) of *Schoof* (2004). This simulation is included in *Elsworth and Suckale* (2016) in Figure S3.

*figure3_3/* : Simulation set-up and results for the basal strength profile in Figure 3(a3) of *Schoof* (2004).

*plotBasalStressVerification.m*: Function to plot the model result and analytical solution. 

*plotSchoofVerification.m*: Plots the model simulations against the analytical solution. Reproduces *verification_Schoof2004.eps* and Figure S3 from *Elsworth and Suckale* (2016).

*verification_Schoof2004.eps*: Figure comparing the model simulations and analytical solutions. This figure is generated by *plotSchoofVerification.m*. 

### References
Elsworth C W and J Suckale (2016) Rapid ice flow rearrangement induced by subglacial drainage in West Antarctica. Geophysical Research Letters 43.

Schoof C G (2004) On the mechanics of ice-stream shear margins. Journal of Glaciology 50(169):208–218.
